includeme.el – Automatic C/C++ '#include' and 'using' in Emacs
==============================================================

includeme is an extension for GNU Emacs that will automatically insert
'#include' and 'using' statements into your source code while you write
C/C++ and it's 100% guaranteed to actually work. For instance if you started
writing a new C++ program and typed `cout` and then pressed `C-c C-h`,
includeme would then insert `#include <iostream>` and `using std::cout` at
the top of your file in comformance with Google C++ style requirements.

So what's the catch? It only works for popular and standardized APIs. No
attempt is made whatsoever to run static analysis tools on your codebase.
includeme comes preprogrammed with an efficient lisp binary tree of all the
symbol and header definitions for libraries deemed important by Justine
Tunney. Things like POSIX, the Standard C Library, C++ STL, etc.

Installation
------------

Run `make` and put this stuff in your `~/.emacs` file:

    (eval-after-load 'cc-mode
      '(progn
         (add-to-list 'load-path "/PATH/TO/INCLUDEME")
         (require 'includeme)
         (defun my-c-mode-common-hook ()
           (define-key c-mode-base-map (kbd "C-c C-h") 'includeme))
         (add-hook 'c-mode-common-hook 'my-c-mode-common-hook)))

Function Documentation
----------------------

### `(includeme)`

Insert headers and using statements necessary to for name
under cursor to compile.

For example if you type "std::cout" and run this command in a
C++ buffer, includeme will insert `#include <iostream>` at the
top of your buffer. If you had only typed "cout" then includeme
would have also inserted a `using std::cout` statement.

-----
<div style="padding-top:15px;color: #d0d0d0;">
Markdown README file generated by
<a href="https://github.com/mgalgs/make-readme-markdown">make-readme-markdown.el</a>
</div>
